trigger.httpsTrigger.url)" --project=mat1-9e6b3
NAME                                                    REGION  RUNTIME   STATUS  ENTRY_POINT            URL
assignDelivery
createDelivery
createProperty
ext-back-up-firestore-to-storage-backupTransaction              nodejs18  ACTIVE  backupTransaction
ext-firestore-bundle-builder-3z6i-serve                         nodejs20  ACTIVE  serve
ext-firestore-importer-importToFirestore                        nodejs20  ACTIVE  importToFirestore
ext-firestore-incremental-capture-onBackupRestore               nodejs20  ACTIVE  onBackupRestore
ext-firestore-incremental-capture-onHttpRunRestoration          nodejs20  ACTIVE  onHttpRunRestoration
ext-firestore-incremental-capture-runInitialSetup               nodejs20  ACTIVE  runInitialSetup
ext-firestore-incremental-capture-syncData                      nodejs20  ACTIVE  syncData
ext-firestore-incremental-capture-syncDataTask                  nodejs20  ACTIVE  syncDataTask
ext-firestore-multimodal-genai-generateText                     nodejs20  ACTIVE  generateText
ext-firestore-pdf-generator-executePdfGenerator                 nodejs18  ACTIVE  executePdfGenerator
ext-firestore-user-document-backfillExistingUsers               nodejs20  ACTIVE  backfillExistingUsers
ext-firestore-user-document-deleteUserDocument                  nodejs20  ACTIVE  deleteUserDocument
ext-http-pdf-generator-executePdfGenerator                      nodejs18  ACTIVE  executePdfGenerator
ext-image-processing-api-handler                                nodejs20  ACTIVE  handler
importDriverBehaviorWebhook
importDriverEventsFromWebBook
importTripsFromWebBook
manualImportDriverBehavior
manualImportDriverEvents
manualImportTrips
telematicsTripUpdateWebhook
NAME                                                    STATE   TRIGGER        REGION       ENVIRONMENT
assignDelivery                                          ACTIVE  HTTP Trigger   us-central1  2nd gen
createDelivery                                          FAILED  HTTP Trigger   us-central1  2nd gen
createProperty                                          ACTIVE  HTTP Trigger   us-central1  2nd gen
ext-back-up-firestore-to-storage-backupTransaction      ACTIVE  Event Trigger  us-central1  1st gen
ext-firestore-bundle-builder-3z6i-serve                 ACTIVE  HTTP Trigger   us-central1  1st gen
ext-firestore-importer-importToFirestore                ACTIVE  Event Trigger  us-central1  1st gen
ext-firestore-incremental-capture-onBackupRestore       ACTIVE  HTTP Trigger   us-central1  1st gen
ext-firestore-incremental-capture-onHttpRunRestoration  ACTIVE  HTTP Trigger   us-central1  1st gen
ext-firestore-incremental-capture-runInitialSetup       ACTIVE  HTTP Trigger   us-central1  1st gen
ext-firestore-incremental-capture-syncData              ACTIVE  Event Trigger  us-central1  1st gen
ext-firestore-incremental-capture-syncDataTask          ACTIVE  HTTP Trigger   us-central1  1st gen
ext-firestore-multimodal-genai-generateText             ACTIVE  Event Trigger  us-central1  1st gen
ext-firestore-pdf-generator-executePdfGenerator         ACTIVE  Event Trigger  us-central1  1st gen
ext-firestore-user-document-backfillExistingUsers       ACTIVE  HTTP Trigger   us-central1  1st gen
ext-firestore-user-document-deleteUserDocument          ACTIVE  Event Trigger  us-central1  1st gen
ext-http-pdf-generator-executePdfGenerator              ACTIVE  HTTP Trigger   us-central1  1st gen
ext-image-processing-api-handler                        ACTIVE  HTTP Trigger   us-central1  1st gen
importDriverBehaviorWebhook                             ACTIVE  HTTP Trigger   us-central1  2nd gen
importDriverEventsFromWebBook                           ACTIVE  HTTP Trigger   us-central1  2nd gen
importTripsFromWebBook                                  ACTIVE  HTTP Trigger   us-central1  2nd gen
manualImportDriverBehavior                              ACTIVE  HTTP Trigger   us-central1  2nd gen
manualImportDriverEvents                                ACTIVE  HTTP Trigger   us-central1  2nd gen
manualImportTrips                                       ACTIVE  HTTP Trigger   us-central1  2nd gen
telematicsTripUpdateWebhook                             ACTIVE  HTTP Trigger   us-central1  2nd gen
